oh yeah the bees are absolutely
critical to the research but ok
lucky we are collecting blood
sucking creatures like fleas and
mosquitoes
because they transmitted disease
to humans like dengue virus Zika
virus
bubonic plague or bartonella
so what are the most fun parts
about this expedition is that we
get to me all sorts of great
kids and they quickly bring us
to all the puppies and nice dogs
in the village I'm now known as
the flea hunter of the Amazon
and I'm a very hairy person and
so sometimes you see a flea
running through your hair
it's a little bit disgusting are
you all up here we're going to
use at the tougher the coca
that's why I really try to have
an appt collected many slaves as
possible and I stick the
mosquito captures come on kid
we're getting our me as we speak
with the mosquito captures nick
and i will just walk into the
jungle and stand there away from
mosquitoes to land on each of us
and then we suck them off of
each other with aspirators us
trapped in your body hair and
now the perfect bait on my worst
day I have probably received
five hundred vice just myself
almost
we will use DNA sequencing to
look at thousands of these
insects and each one will likely
have unique bacteria living
inside them that has not been
discovered previously
well that's just beautiful what
even like why I hope that we can
figure out how the factory that
live in these creatures how they
are distributed across the
Amazon and hopefully that
information will help us better
predict which communities are
most at risk for future
outbreaks of disease
I don't think I'll ever get used
to putting my finger up a water
bug famous
all right people just when you
get a pickle sample you don't
mess around
just want to be as thorough as
possible